Brun couldn't be at a loss for words, everyone else seemed to have taken that role already. 

If she didn't know better, Brun would think Trouble's mental health improved by having a couple of nurses fuss over her and document all her injuries. When she had first been admitted, Brun had been spending more time with Dee since Sinéad had been making excuses and Brun was of the opinion that both women needed company even if they were out of it on pain meds. When she had seen Trouble awake for the first time they had been quite out of it but seemed enthusiastic for affection despite their harrowing encounter that had put them back in hospital. But about a day later, she came back to find the nurses fussing over Trouble and physically removing Sinéad from the room which smelt like someone had thrown up. But from that point on, Trouble was almost entirely mute.

The best Brun could get out of her was humming and agreement noises. Trouble just seemed scared stiff at all times and like if she said anything she would burst into tears or be attacked by wild dogs. So Brun had been spending her days when not at work either snuggled up next to Trouble in their hospital bed or pushing them around in a wheelchair. The doctors said she was just needed to be kept under observation for a few days and to make sure she learned what not to do to burst her stitches. 

It was infuriating to be in the dark as to what had happened to turn her cuddle-hungry friend into a lawn ornament. One day it had been like keeping an eye on a drunk friend, the next it was like reassuring a puppy that was afraid the fireworks would come back. 

Speaking of in the dark, Debug had somehow been even less forthcoming with answers despite being able to talk, though their mood was a lot angrier and self maligning than normal. Typical of Brun, she found herself unable to directly press Dee for details and focused more of her time on reassuring them they were safe in her presence. Brun tried to sit along the lines of sight Dee would keep glancing when they were awake, trying to let them know she would literally act as a wall for her. 